Detective Liu, please continue
Which man did you call?
Does Fu Yuanchuan know?
I don't know you.
Don't pretend you understand
I am Fu Yuanchuan's officially engaged fiancee
And your veins
A mother and father-less scumbag
How dare you steal drugs from me
Just evil
I'm here to wait for my parents
They beat the bad guys away.
Just come and pick up MOMO so-and-so, be good
Don't run around
Wait for daddy to come back
Dad, I will wait for you here obediently
An unrepentant lowly orphan
What happened to the orphan?
Aren't you an orphan too?
What right do you have to laugh at me?
I used to be an orphan
Be my richest man
Dad?
Raise me as your own daughter
Who told me to have a good life
Unlike you
Reduced to Fu Yuanchuan as His Majesty's lover
Miss Nie didn't come to me to argue with me, did she?
Not far away
Leave my world
I see orphans like you without parents
It's annoying
I heard that Nie Shoufu is looking for his biological daughter
Miss Nie, are you afraid?
I'm afraid. What am I afraid of?
I still don't know about the secret world
Where did it die?
If he hadn't died
Standing right in front of you
Ah!
I think you've lost your mind.
The daughter of the richest man wants to go crazy
You think as long as it's a person
She deserves to be the daughter of the richest man
Teach him a lesson
Make him disappear from Jiangcheng
What are you doing?